add links to community role pages (#1836)
carpentries/instructor-training: episodes/15-carpentries.md

The Carpentries administration and other essential operations are managed by the [Core Team][coreteam-page],
but the majority of our impact is achieved through the efforts of volunteer participants in our global and local communities.
The **global Carpentries community** consists of [Instructors](https://carpentries.org/community/instructors/), [Instructor Trainers](https://carpentries.org/community/instructor-trainers/), [Maintainers](https://carpentries.org/community/maintainers/), [Lesson Developers](https://carpentries.org/community/lesson_developers/), [Institutional Partners](https://carpentries.org/support/membership/member-list/), members of various committees, a [governance structure](https://carpentries.org/governance/), and other supporters who participate, synchronously or asynchronously, in building our programs for all to share. At the **local level**, individual
Carpentries communities may include many participants who are not necessarily connected with or even aware of our global activities, including helpers, learners, faculty sponsors, and others who contribute to keep communities thriving and growing 'on the ground.'

> ![](fig/The-Carpentries-History-Timeline.png){alt='A graphic depicting the development of The Carpentries. It is titled “A Brief History of The Carpentries” with The Carpentries logo to the left of the title. The graphic is a snaking timeline chart summarising significant transitions in The Carpentries' history from 1998 to 2025. Not all years are represented. Under each year is a brief summary of the key developments in that year, with logos of the funder organisation/s that supported that phase of the organisation’s projects. The dates and accompanying text are as follows: 1998: Software Carpentry is founded by Greg Wilson and Brent Gorda. 2001: Lesson materials are made open source with support from the Python Software Foundation. 2003: Software Carpentry efforts scaled with support from Alfred P. Sloan Foundation & Mozilla Science Lab. 2013: First Software Carpentry for Librarians workshops in US & Canada. 2014: Data Carpentry founded by Karen Cranston, Hilmar Lapp, Tracy Teal, and Ethan White with support from NSF. 2014: James Baker receives support from Software Sustainability Institute to develop and implement Library Carpentry. 2014: Software Carpentry Foundation is founded under NumFOCUS. 2015: Data Carpentry efforts scaled with support from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. 2018: Software Carpentry & Data Carpentry merge to form The Carpentries as a fiscally sponsored project of Community Initiatives. Library Carpentry later joins as a new lesson program. 2019: CZI supports The Carpentries to scale its programs, and build capacity with local communities. 2020: Online Workshops begin. 2025: On 1 February The Carpentries transitions out of fiscal sponsor-ship into an independent 501(c)(3) non-profit organisation.'}

Reviewer: Update alt text to avoid problems with single-quotes (see #1853)

```suggestion
![](fig/The-Carpentries-History-Timeline.png){alt='A graphic depicting the development of The Carpentries. It is titled “A Brief History of The Carpentries” with The Carpentries logo to the left of the title. The graphic is a snaking timeline chart summarising significant transitions in The Carpentries\' history from 1998 to 2025. Not all years are represented. Under each year is a brief summary of the key developments in that year, with logos of the funder organisations that supported that phase of the organisation\'s projects. The dates and accompanying text are as follows: 1998: Software Carpentry is founded by Greg Wilson and Brent Gorda. 2001: Lesson materials are made open source with support from the Python Software Foundation. 2003: Software Carpentry efforts scaled with support from Alfred P. Sloan Foundation & Mozilla Science Lab. 2013: First Software Carpentry for Librarians workshops in US & Canada. 2014: Data Carpentry founded by Karen Cranston, Hilmar Lapp, Tracy Teal, and Ethan White with support from NSF. 2014: James Baker receives support from Software Sustainability Institute to develop and implement Library Carpentry. 2014: Software Carpentry Foundation is founded under NumFOCUS. 2015: Data Carpentry efforts scaled with support from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. 2018: Software Carpentry & Data Carpentry merge to form The Carpentries as a fiscally sponsored project of Community Initiatives. Library Carpentry later joins as a new lesson program. 2019: CZI supports The Carpentries to scale its programs, and build capacity with local communities. 2020: Online Workshops begin. 2025: On 1 February The Carpentries transitions out of fiscal sponsor-ship into an independent 501(c)(3) non-profit organisation.'}
```
